# Dishooks v2.2.0 - 2022-12-14

## Added
- Improved XML documentation and examples to all classes and methods.
- New examples showcasing emoji support.

## Changed
- Fake links will now look more fake to prevent confusion.
  ```diff
  -  https://discordapp.com/api/webhooks/721671223841374228/fzRfJkuLvyrmN0caW3y5vU0_lVI-yeXWZ7Td8eBL2Yjm4n9s5l04mp0mbZ6CDWbxMpAI
  +  https://discord.com/api/webhooks/000000000000000000/NOT-A-REAL-LINK
  ```
  
### Dishooks.Webhook
- Default value of `bool? Tts` is now `false` instead of `true`. This was changed after some users reported that their messages were being sent as TTS messages, which is not the intended behavior.
    ```diff
    - bool? Webhook Tts { get; set; } = true;
    + bool? Webhook Tts { get; set; } = false;
    ```
  
- `string? .Content` and `string? Username` will now validate their value and warn if the content is not valid. This is done to prevent users from sending messages that Discord will reject.
- `Send()` will now throw an exception if content, embeds and attachments are all null or empty. 
- Return type for `AddAttachment(Attachment a)` and `AddEmbed(Embed e)` is now `bool` instead of `void`. A return value of `false` indicates that the attachment or embed was not added because because the maximum amount of attachments or embeds has been reached.

### Dishooks.Dishook
- `const string DefaultName` and `const string DefaultAvatar` has been removed. Webhooks will now use the defaults specified on Discord's side if no override is provided.

### Dishooks.Embeds.Field
- `string Name` and `string Value` will now validate their value and throw an exception if the content is not valid. A workaround for sending empty fields is to use `\u200b` (zero-width space) as the name and/or value.

## Obsolete
- `Dishooks.Embeds.Video` has been marked as obsolete. This was not supported by Discord although being included in the API. 
- `Dishooks.Embeds.Provider` has been marked as obsolete. Providers are only used internally at Discord and cannot be created or used by Dishooks/users.
- The property `ProxyIconUrl` has been marked as obsolete in `Author`, `Footer`, `Image`, and `Thumbnail`. This property can not be set by users.
- The property `Width` and `Height` has been marked as obsolete in `Image` and `Thumbnail`. This property can not be set by users and will be ignored by Discord.