# Dishooks v2.3.0 - 2023-03-23

## Added

- Messages can now be edited or deleted after they have been sent. This is done by using the
  new `Dishooks.DiscordMessage`
  class.

````csharp
yield return StartCoroutine(Dishook.Post(webhook, (error, response) =>
            {
                if (error == null)
                {
                    webhook.Content = "New text!"; 
                    response.Edit(webhook);
                    
                    // or
                    // response.Delete();
                }
                else
                {
                    Debug.LogError($"Something went wrong! {error}");
                }
            }));
````

- Examples of how to edit and delete messages sent by webhooks can be found in the `Dishooks/Example/Dishook examples`
  scene.
- You can now receive feedback if a message was sent successfully or not. This is done by using the
  new `Dishooks.DiscordError` class.

## Changed

### Example scene

- New examples have been added to the `Dishooks/Example/Dishook examples` scene. These examples show how to edit and
  delete messages sent by webhooks.
- The custom message form is now a bit more user-friendly.

### Dishook class

- The `Dishook.Post` method now has an optional `callback` parameter. This callback will be called when the message has
  been sent.
  The callback will receive two parameters: `error` and `response`. `error` will be `null` if the message was sent
  successfully, otherwise it will contain an error message. `response` will be a `Dishooks.DiscordMessage` object that can be used to
  edit or delete the message.

### Private set properties

- The setter of property `ProxyIconUrl` in `Author`, `Footer`, `Image`, and `Thumbnail` is now private. This property
  can not be set by users, but will be updated in the `Dishooks.DiscordMessage` class when the message is sent.
- Same with the setters of properties `Width` and `Height`  in `Image` and `Thumbnail`.